Alright
yeah i was gonna say we just need to like look through netflix and be like oh that one
The one that comes to mind is a Japanese drama. It's not a movie, but it's like...
Like the second to last.
The second to last love or something like that.
My last love or something like that it's like with (***)
(***)    Yeah
No it was like a way like someone they like
Retired and then one's like a real
like businesswoman, and then she decides to retire from her work...?
And then buys a house a little bit further away from the city.
And then the house that she buys is actually...
No she couldn't she didn't buy it but she rented it from a guy but the guy comes back and the guy is like
Like an older guy and she's you know
Retirement age, so they have to live together, like in the same house.
And then that's kind of where their romance starts to happen.
but i enjoyed that i think that was sweet... hmmm... ha.. ha..
Ha... ha... ha...
Ohhhh...
Bride and Prejudice? Bride and Prejudice... Ha...  ha...   ha...
Ha...  ha...  ha...  ha...  Just prejudice.
Ha, ha, ha...ha...  ha...  ha...
Hmm...
I've never seen like a Bollywood..  Yeah....
Hmm... Hmmm..
Amma...
Wow, that's a blast from the past. Gwyneth Paltrow?
I don't know. I know. I think she's lost it.  Hmm..
Hmm...
What was, what was the other movie?
No...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Ha, ha, ha...
The ones that we have, we feel like everyone else should watch.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
I like that one. I thought it was sweet.
No... What?
It is crass, but like, there's...
Yeah...
I like because what's up call it calling something
Yeah, I liked it. But I don't know, I think it's so like...
Real. I feel like that's much more real.
I think I tried to watch that and it didn't really, I couldn't finish it.
No... Yes...
Oh, that's right. That's why.
Hmmmmmmmm...
Hmm...
Yeah...
Yeah, so I couldn't follow it.
And I just lost interest. I couldn't finish it. So I don't know what it's about.
Hmm...
Right..
Notting hill! That was cute. That was cute... Yeah...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
What's his name? Good guys.
Hugh Grant, oh my gosh, oh my gosh.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Yes
Hmm...
Uh.....    Hmm...
Yeah...   Hmmmmmm...
Twnty one...  hmm...
Really? I like that one...  Ha.. ha.. ha...   Yeah...
He's napping.
I mean Richard Gere stuff too. Richard Gere was in a lot of stuff.
What?    What's that?
Oh no, what happened?
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Oh, really? Wow. Oh, dang.
Hmmmmmmmm...
Very nice..
Hmm...
Yeah...    I don't know, what's a recent rom-com?
the wedding
The... Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
There's a lot of like that kind of stuff lately.